README.md, before:

# grunt-contrib-coffee v0.7.0 [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-coffee.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-coffee)

> Compile CoffeeScript files to JavaScript.



## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.0`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-contrib-coffee --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-contrib-coffee');
```

*This plugin was designed to work with Grunt 0.4.x. If you're still using grunt v0.3.x it's strongly recommended that [you upgrade](http://gruntjs.com/upgrading-from-0.3-to-0.4), but in case you can't please use [v0.3.2](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-coffee/tree/grunt-0.3-stable).*


## Coffee task
_Run this task with the `grunt coffee` command._

Task targets, files and options may be specified according to the grunt [Configuring tasks](http://gruntjs.com/configuring-tasks) guide.
### Options

#### separator
Type: `String`
Default: linefeed

Concatenated files will be joined on this string.

#### bare
Type: `boolean`

Compile the JavaScript without the top-level function safety wrapper.

#### join
Type: `boolean`
Default: `false`

When compiling multiple .coffee files into a single .js file, concatenate first.

#### sourceMap
Type: `boolean`
Default: `false`

Compile JavaScript and create a .map file linking it to the CoffeeScript source. When compiling multiple .coffee files to a single .js file, concatenation occurs as though the 'join' option is enabled. The concatenated CoffeeScript is written into the output directory, and becomes the target for source mapping.

#### amdDefineWrap
Type: `boolean`
Default: `false`

Add a CommonJS-style AMD define wrapper to joined .js file. This will force the 'bare' and 'join' options to behave as true.
The wrapper uses two spaces for indentation.

### Usage Examples

```js
coffee: {
  compile: {
    files: {
      'path/to/result.js': 'path/to/source.coffee', // 1:1 compile
      'path/to/another.js': ['path/to/sources/*.coffee', 'path/to/more/*.coffee'] // compile and concat into single file
    }
  },

  compileBare: {
    options: {
      bare: true
    },
    files: {
      'path/to/result.js': 'path/to/source.coffee', // 1:1 compile
      'path/to/another.js': ['path/to/sources/*.coffee', 'path/to/more/*.coffee'] // compile and concat into single file
    }
  },

  compileJoined: {
    options: {
      join: true
    },
    files: {
      'path/to/result.js': 'path/to/source.coffee', // 1:1 compile, identical output to join = false
      'path/to/another.js': ['path/to/sources/*.coffee', 'path/to/more/*.coffee'] // concat then compile into single file
    }
  },

  compileWithMaps: {
    options: {
      sourceMap: true
    },
    files: {
      'path/to/result.js': 'path/to/source.coffee', // 1:1 compile
      'path/to/another.js': ['path/to/sources/*.coffee', 'path/to/more/*.coffee'] // concat then compile into single file
    }
  },

  glob_to_multiple: {
    expand: true,
    flatten: true,
    cwd: 'path/to',
    src: ['*.coffee'],
    dest: 'path/to/dest/',
    ext: '.js'
  }
}
```

For more examples on how to use the `expand` API to manipulate the default dynamic path construction in the `glob_to_multiple` examples, see "Building the files object dynamically" in the grunt wiki entry [Configuring Tasks](http://gruntjs.com/configuring-tasks).

## Release History

 * 2013-04-19   v0.7.0   Place Sourcemaps at bottom of file Change extension for Sourcemaps from .maps to .js.map
 * 2013-04-18   v0.6.7   Improved error reporting
 * 2013-04-08   v0.6.6   Fix regression with single-file compilation.
 * 2013-04-05   v0.6.5   Improved error reporting
 * 2013-03-22   v0.6.4   Sourcemap support
 * 2013-03-19   v0.6.3   Increase error logging verbosity.
 * 2013-03-18   v0.6.2   Bump to CoffeeScript 1.6.2
 * 2013-03-18   v0.6.1   Support `join` option
 * 2013-03-06   v0.6.0   Bump to CoffeeScript 1.6 Support literate CoffeeScript extension coffee.md
 * 2013-02-25   v0.5.0   Bump to CoffeeScript 1.5 Support literate CoffeeScript (.litcoffee)
 * 2013-02-15   v0.4.0   First official release for Grunt 0.4.0.
 * 2013-01-23   v0.4.0rc7   Updating grunt/gruntplugin dependencies to rc7. Changing in-development grunt/gruntplugin dependency versions from tilde version ranges to specific versions. Bump coffeescript dependency to 1.4.
 * 2013-01-09   v0.4.0rc5   Updating to work with grunt v0.4.0rc5. Switching to this.filesSrc api.
 * 2012-12-15   v0.4.0a   Conversion to grunt v0.4 conventions. Remove experimental destination wildcards.
 * 2012-10-12   v0.3.2   Rename grunt-contrib-lib dep to grunt-lib-contrib.
 * 2012-09-25   v0.3.1   Don't fail when there are no files.
 * 2012-09-24   v0.3.0   Global options depreciated.
 * 2012-09-10   v0.2.0   Refactored from grunt-contrib into individual repo.

---

Task submitted by [Eric Woroshow](http://ericw.ca/)

*This file was generated on Mon Sep 16 2013 06:35:50.*

Commit message:

change amdDefineWrap property to string that represents the module name

README.md, after:

# grunt-contrib-coffee v0.7.0 [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-coffee.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-coffee)

> Compile CoffeeScript files to JavaScript.



## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.0`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-contrib-coffee --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-contrib-coffee');
```

*This plugin was designed to work with Grunt 0.4.x. If you're still using grunt v0.3.x it's strongly recommended that [you upgrade](http://gruntjs.com/upgrading-from-0.3-to-0.4), but in case you can't please use [v0.3.2](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt-contrib-coffee/tree/grunt-0.3-stable).*


## Coffee task
_Run this task with the `grunt coffee` command._

Task targets, files and options may be specified according to the grunt [Configuring tasks](http://gruntjs.com/configuring-tasks) guide.
### Options

#### separator
Type: `String`
Default: linefeed

Concatenated files will be joined on this string.

#### bare
Type: `boolean`

Compile the JavaScript without the top-level function safety wrapper.

#### join
Type: `boolean`
Default: `false`

When compiling multiple .coffee files into a single .js file, concatenate first.

#### sourceMap
Type: `boolean`
Default: `false`

Compile JavaScript and create a .map file linking it to the CoffeeScript source. When compiling multiple .coffee files to a single .js file, concatenation occurs as though the 'join' option is enabled. The concatenated CoffeeScript is written into the output directory, and becomes the target for source mapping.

#### amdDefineWrap
Type: `string`

Use this option to wrap joined CoffeeScript in define function so that a CommonJS module can be optimized for web. If a module name is specified join will be defaulted to true.

### Usage Examples

```js
coffee: {
  compile: {
    files: {
      'path/to/result.js': 'path/to/source.coffee', // 1:1 compile
      'path/to/another.js': ['path/to/sources/*.coffee', 'path/to/more/*.coffee'] // compile and concat into single file
    }
  },

  compileBare: {
    options: {
      bare: true
    },
    files: {
      'path/to/result.js': 'path/to/source.coffee', // 1:1 compile
      'path/to/another.js': ['path/to/sources/*.coffee', 'path/to/more/*.coffee'] // compile and concat into single file
    }
  },

  compileJoined: {
    options: {
      join: true
    },
    files: {
      'path/to/result.js': 'path/to/source.coffee', // 1:1 compile, identical output to join = false
      'path/to/another.js': ['path/to/sources/*.coffee', 'path/to/more/*.coffee'] // concat then compile into single file
    }
  },

  compileWithMaps: {
    options: {
      sourceMap: true
    },
    files: {
      'path/to/result.js': 'path/to/source.coffee', // 1:1 compile
      'path/to/another.js': ['path/to/sources/*.coffee', 'path/to/more/*.coffee'] // concat then compile into single file
    }
  },

  glob_to_multiple: {
    expand: true,
    flatten: true,
    cwd: 'path/to',
    src: ['*.coffee'],
    dest: 'path/to/dest/',
    ext: '.js'
  }
}
```

For more examples on how to use the `expand` API to manipulate the default dynamic path construction in the `glob_to_multiple` examples, see "Building the files object dynamically" in the grunt wiki entry [Configuring Tasks](http://gruntjs.com/configuring-tasks).

## Release History

 * 2013-04-19   v0.7.0   Place Sourcemaps at bottom of file Change extension for Sourcemaps from .maps to .js.map
 * 2013-04-18   v0.6.7   Improved error reporting
 * 2013-04-08   v0.6.6   Fix regression with single-file compilation.
 * 2013-04-05   v0.6.5   Improved error reporting
 * 2013-03-22   v0.6.4   Sourcemap support
 * 2013-03-19   v0.6.3   Increase error logging verbosity.
 * 2013-03-18   v0.6.2   Bump to CoffeeScript 1.6.2
 * 2013-03-18   v0.6.1   Support `join` option
 * 2013-03-06   v0.6.0   Bump to CoffeeScript 1.6 Support literate CoffeeScript extension coffee.md
 * 2013-02-25   v0.5.0   Bump to CoffeeScript 1.5 Support literate CoffeeScript (.litcoffee)
 * 2013-02-15   v0.4.0   First official release for Grunt 0.4.0.
 * 2013-01-23   v0.4.0rc7   Updating grunt/gruntplugin dependencies to rc7. Changing in-development grunt/gruntplugin dependency versions from tilde version ranges to specific versions. Bump coffeescript dependency to 1.4.
 * 2013-01-09   v0.4.0rc5   Updating to work with grunt v0.4.0rc5. Switching to this.filesSrc api.
 * 2012-12-15   v0.4.0a   Conversion to grunt v0.4 conventions. Remove experimental destination wildcards.
 * 2012-10-12   v0.3.2   Rename grunt-contrib-lib dep to grunt-lib-contrib.
 * 2012-09-25   v0.3.1   Don't fail when there are no files.
 * 2012-09-24   v0.3.0   Global options depreciated.
 * 2012-09-10   v0.2.0   Refactored from grunt-contrib into individual repo.

---

Task submitted by [Eric Woroshow](http://ericw.ca/)

*This file was generated on Mon Sep 16 2013 11:06:22.*
